doc/content/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Documentation"
weight: 1
bookFlatSection: true
bookToc: true
draft: false
---

# Taskwarrior Extension
![build](https://github.com/likipiki/taskwarriorExtension/actions/workflows/build.yaml/badge.svg) ![deploy](https://github.com/likipiki/taskwarriorExtension/actions/workflows/hugo.yaml/badge.svg)

Taskwarrior commands extension. See [Wiki](https://github.com/LikiPiki/taskwarriorExtension/wiki) for more details!

## Features
- fast, written on golang language 
- simple customizable and extensible
- zero configuration
- colorfull output

## Installation

If you have got Golang installed on your machine, use this command. Else, see instructions in [Wiki](https://github.com/LikiPiki/taskwarriorExtension/wiki#installing-from-binary-file)

## Installing from binary file
1. Download binary file from [Releases](https://github.com/LikiPiki/taskwarriorExtension/releases) section
2. Make the file executable `chmod +x tj`
3. Add binary file to your `/usr/local/bin/`

```console
go install github.com/likipiki/taskwarriorExtension ./cmd/tj
```
## Avaliable commands
- `tj tree [project-name]` -- show project and subprojects tasks like tree

## References
-  [TaskWarrior](https://taskwarrior.org)
-  [go-taskwarrior library](https://github.com/jubnzv/go-taskwarrior)

Commit message:

Plugin context, add new tasks with context (#7)
Plugin context, add new tasks with context

doc/content/_index.md, after:

# Taskwarrior Extension
![build](https://github.com/likipiki/taskwarriorExtension/actions/workflows/build.yaml/badge.svg) ![deploy](https://github.com/likipiki/taskwarriorExtension/actions/workflows/hugo.yaml/badge.svg)

Taskwarrior commands extension. See [Documentation](https://likipiki.github.io/taskwarriorExtension/) for more details!

## Features
- fast, written on golang language 
- simple customizable and extensible
- zero configuration
- colorfull output

## Installation

If you have got Golang installed on your machine, use this command. Else, see instructions in [Documentation](https://likipiki.github.io/taskwarriorExtension/#installation)

```console
go install github.com/likipiki/taskwarriorExtension ./cmd/tj
```

## Avaliable commands
- `tj tree [project-name]` -- show project and subprojects tasks like tree
- `tj ctx [context]` -- Add new context
- `tj add [task]` -- Add new task with context

[Read more about commands](https://likipiki.github.io/taskwarriorExtension/docs/usage)
## Development
Branching model, plugin creation and others your can find in the [Development](https://likipiki.github.io/taskwarriorExtension/docs/development/) page.

## References
- [TaskWarrior](https://taskwarrior.org)
- [go-taskwarrior library](https://github.com/jubnzv/go-taskwarrior)
- [Hugo static site generator](https://gohugo.io)
